in the final straight against alexandra by
inside against my canaries my flesh
dominates election year got inside
meanwhile in the third place try
he takes her later and woman to come to the
fight and also try to approach now
by the central part to arrived at the indica
you still dominates my canary to
alexander runs in the second and then
explosion woman improves by the third
angels sandra inside against my
Canary Islands that dominates my Canary Islands
alexandra on the inside is already coming
happening to dominate the face and I win
angels before the camera 4
according to davis canarias third explosion
woman fourth the indycar and fifth arrived
the 2 his mother carmen then final in 48
12 800 and the fights for the first place
between cow the one that dominates slightly
but he played but inside everything was but
the screw is coming to dominate the
pp career but it's on the tip at
horse to caracas in the second and returns
to the fight meanwhile with the third
advancing giving the face
capital body and the fifth place is
for the werner horse in the final stretch
confident and dominating the race and the
which it is in the tip center
vagancy court runs in the second
place and is improving for the third
he took it to me yes yes but it stays in
the tip of and vagrancy for the part
inside the court is still approaching
but two bodies are kept in the post
of loitering inside for the second
six for the third but dominates room and
the fourth of the program number nine and
they won chaba from 9 second diva
third gain came my and if it's the
fourth country will see between a fifth arrived
signature then we see black sofía with
russian carlota the mare la bella becsa
last stretch tax opinion
great j r meanwhile in the third
place is now trying to come for the part
central of the heat court a very
far and round in the fourth the taxes
or is dominating big spare jot and
now comes from the outside
impetuous opinion great jota ere by the
outside part of the court great jota
herria from where it's flying but
it is still far away where the
impetuous big jota you're for the second
live the impetuous and the impetuous
second the jr
third to three bodies to give in the
fourth be the wall or there with the
horse back in the luxurious final straight
continues to dominate the race now it
launches today I come from the inside part of
the luxurious court dominates I'll come by
inside to the fight and for the part
outside the court took her to his side
try to return to the fight but luxurious
continues to dominate the race to the load
or shadows on the luxurious outside
is at the top and can not lose
win the pupil of santo piñango luxurious
in the sixth of the program and won them
luxurious the second for me I come the
third is for anyone wash of life
then takanori is coming behind
this toast penultimate for the seventh
first valid for the game of five and
six is dominating the river one horse
fat runs in the second place remain
three hundred meters for the arrival
dominates the river one horse with enough
fat advantage for the central part and the
lawyer begin to run over against
pointer dominant river wind river one
in the front 100 meters for the
arrival is winning the competition
the 1
the river river horse and won them the
race the number 1 river go in the
second place arrived the third stage
sporty fat fourth in the fifth that
probable and then prof miguel nordex and
grain to the final stretch seen from the outside
great short and on the inside
will try to run over salvatore win by the
central part also the horse
paraguay eros dominating the is the
big trafic competition traca in the
lead
salvatore wing and the horse great luck
and now paraguay hero runs over the
central part with the horse
salvatore wing dominating leaked
victory competition up front
salvatore week and also great luck and
inside dominates mix die 5 and they
Victor wins the race in the second
great short and third the gallo salvatore
wing fourth paraguay 0 in the fifth this
frank final when dominating the race
old wolf runs in second place
Nebuchadnezzar tries to advance on the part
inside frank goal dominating the
competition with old wolf running in
second place and nabucodonosor by the
inner part in the fight for the
second place another one that runs over is the
horse swallow from the outside
approach the goal dominating frank goal
frank goal in front frank goal
dominates the competition wins them the
horse race frank gol won frank
goal
2nd nabuconodosor in the third arrived
old the wolf
in the extra room bot then the horse
of swords
later mister light if you have to
the tip in the fourth valid for
game five and six north in queens
is in second place in the third
dew spray and try to run over the
gioconda by the central part power
abdominal with the power race in the
front in the second place I do not know
queen carmen you take there for the part of
outside more reduced attacks inside
carmen tomás against power power
in the front leaño condemns
run over end but he gained power
number 4 in the second calmen toranza
third the fourth gioconda doña idolina
fifth greater than dew in the outlet sector
for the game five and six equals and
now it is running over the side
inside
the imminent horse and also plague and
the panty niell on the inside
white or the order suit out
uverito running strong against
pointers
its merit loads strongly against the
pointers black anger defends the
letter uverito from the outside is
defend black anger for the part
inside the double court won flag
in the second it pains work pain
number
in the room that is then imminent
for the competition for the second line
abdominal cough bullets the race
insisting lost for the part
exterior galán luís moved continues in the
fight also donald and come
hitting on the inside and
kobayashi does not do for the cheap to be
wallace dominating the race with casualties and
it costs him enough terrain and great luís
moved continues in the fight for the first
place to be wallace dominating the number
two be good in the sixth valid for the
5 and 6 won the 2nd ser wallace second to 1
Great Luis moved to the third with casualties and
lost rooms
fifth donald and the sixth lion felipe
then soft work tuxedo
the exotic plays are the ones that
pagan I present you four ways to win
in a single winning race you win
hitting the first copy in a
exact race wins by hitting the two
first copies in a single race
Trifecta wins by hitting all three
first places in a race his
perfect you want by hitting the four
first copies in a race plays
exotic and earns more